GitHub app doc updates - updating permissions (#14035)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/organization/integrations/source-code-mgmt/github/index.mdx

   ![Add repository](./img/github-global-add-repo.png)

9. You can now [configure](#configure) the integration.

The GitHub integration is available for all projects under your Sentry organization. You can connect multiple GitHub organizations to one Sentry organization, but you **cannot** connect a single GitHub organization to multiple Sentry organizations.

> While you can install the GitHub integration from [GitHub](https://github.com/apps/sentry-io), we recommend installing it from Sentry.

Author: I have gotten no answer, but have been asking around. I can also remove the sentence. We already suggest installing from Sentry toward the top of the doc, but we never mention the github app link, and I think it's valuable to know that that app and this "integration" are the same thing. I'm open to suggestions on rewording.

### GitHub Permissions

> The following permissions are required for the GitHub integration to work correctly. They are full opt in to be able to use the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following permissions are required for the GitHub integration to work correctly; you must fully opt in to these permissions to use the app.
```

Strongly opinionated, but felt a little clearer.

Author: I like it! Good suggestion.

| Permission Category | Access Level   | Why Sentry Needs It |
|--------------------|---------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Administration     | Read-only     | To respect branch protection rules, determine default branches, and enhance automation.                                            |
| Checks             | Read & Write  | To show detailed pass/fail results (e.g. test coverage, release health) as GitHub Checks on PRs or commits.                        |
| Commit Statuses    | Read & Write  | To post status checks (e.g. test analytics data) to commits in GitHub and integrate with branch protection rules.                  |
| Contents           | Read-only     | To fetch source files, commits, and blame data for Suspect Commits, tracking files in Releases.                                            |
| Issues             | Read & Write  | To create GitHub issues from Sentry events and update linked issues.                                                               |

> | Members            | Read-only     | To map organization users to GitHub identities for improved issue attribution and collaboration.                                   |

Author: Done!

| Metadata           | Read-only     | To identify repository structure, names, default branches, and visibility.                                                        |
| Pull Requests      | Read & Write  | To write comments on pull requests for (1) issues caused by the pull request and (2) to highlight existing issues in the code diff.|
| Webhooks           | Read & Write  | To subscribe to real-time updates like push events, PRs, and issues.     

Occasionally, Sentry will request additional permissions to your GitHub account as new features are introduced. Denying or ignoring the request to update will not affect your current Sentry usage, but may prevent access to future features. 

> 

Reviewer: Since we are asking for so many permissions here, would it be worth talking about or data protection and/or data scrubbing policies with regard to this GitHub data? I suspect we don't have that written in the docs anywhere and that might be better to push in a subsequent update to these docs, but something to consider.

Author: Sounds like it's not needed right now from a security/legal perspective, and I generally agree that the permissions explain what is needed.

The GitHub integration is available for all projects under your Sentry organization. You can connect multiple GitHub organizations to one Sentry organization, but you **cannot** connect a single GitHub organization to multiple Sentry organizations.

### GitHub Permissions

The following permissions are required for the GitHub integration to work correctly. They are full opt in to be able to use the app.

| Permission Category | Access Level   | Why Sentry Needs It |
|--------------------|---------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Administration     | Read-only     | To respect branch protection rules, determine default branches, and enhance automation.                                            |
| Checks             | Read & Write  | To show detailed pass/fail results (e.g. test coverage, release health) as GitHub Checks on PRs or commits.                        |
| Commit Statuses    | Read & Write  | To post status checks (e.g. test analytics data) to commits in GitHub and integrate with branch protection rules.                  |

> | Contents           | Read-only     | To fetch source files, commits, and blame data for Suspect Commits, Releases, etc.                                                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Contents           | Read-only     | To fetch source files, commits, and blame data for Suspect Commits, tracking files in Releases, etc                                                |
```

| Issues             | Read & Write  | To create GitHub issues from Sentry events and update linked issues.                                                               |
| Members            | Read-only     | To map organization users to GitHub identities for improved issue attribution and collaboration.                                   |
| Metadata           | Read-only     | To identify repository structure, names, default branches, and visibility.                                                        |
| Pull Requests      | Read & Write  | To write comments on pull requests for (1) issues caused by the pull request and (2) to highlight existing issues in the code diff.|
| Webhooks           | Read & Write  | To subscribe to real-time updates like push events, PRs, and issues.                                                              |

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

_2025-06-17_ — For admins of organizations already using the Sentry GitHub app, you may have received an email requesting the additional permissions, `Checks` and `Commit Statuses`. Not accepting these changes will not affect your current Sentry usage, but may prevent access to future features.
```

Reviewer 2: Love it
